Polishing ePayment docs (#164)
vippsas/vipps-epayment-api: migration.md

in the eCom API. Read more about the benefits of "reserve capture":
[Reserve and capture](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/vipps-developers/common-topics/reserve-and-capture).

## Callbacks

For payment callbacks, you no longer have to submit the `callbackPrefix` as part of the Initiate Payment request. Instead, you can use the [Webhooks API](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/epayment-api/features/webhooks) to register URLs that will receive callbacks whenever various events occur for your payments.

> The Webhooks API provides _guaranteed delivery_ callbacks. If the callback is not successfully received on your end, we will retry sending it for several days. In addition, you can now receive callbacks for _all_ adjustments to your payment. Head over to the [Webhooks](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/epayment-api/features/webhooks) to read more.

Reviewer: Maybe just:
```suggestion
The Webhooks API provides _guaranteed delivery_ callbacks. If the callback is not successfully received on your end, we will retry sending it for several days. In addition, you can now receive callbacks for _all_ adjustments to your payment. See the [Webhooks](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/epayment-api/features/webhooks) for details.
```

* `skipLandingPage: true`                     -> `PUSH_MESSAGE`

The ePayment API also supports a new flow, [the `QR` flow](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/epayment-api/features/qr-payments). The QR flow provides you with a direct link to a one-time payment QR code that the user can scan and pay from their app.

## Renamed and altered fields

* `fallBack` -> Renamed `returnUrl`
* `scope` -> Moved inside the `profile` object
* `transactionText` -> Renamed `paymentDescription`
* `orderId` -> Renamed `reference`
* `phoneNumber`: Now requires the MSISDN format, where the country code is included. See the API specification, and [MSISDN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MSISDN).

## Payment Method

The ePayment API supports [freestanding card payments](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/APIs/epayment-api/features/free-standing-card-payments). Merchants are required to provide a value to the `paymentMethod` field to decide if this should be used.

:::note
The `WALLET` payment method means the user will use the Vipps app to pay.  The `CARD` payment method is intended for users who are not able to (or don't want to) use the app to pay.
:::

## Express Payments

> Express payments on the ePayment API will be available soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Express payments in the ePayment API will be available soon.
```

## Partial Cancellations

Cancellation of partially captured payments is supported in the eCom API by setting the `shouldReleaseRemainingFunds` flag.  

> In the ePayment API, this behavior works by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the ePayment API, this behavior is enabled by default.
```
